Game Development Document for Monarcch and the Cursed

Platform:
  Unity on Windows 10
  
Tools:
  Github
  Unity
  C#

Overview:
  The Monarch curses the heir that stands next in line for the throne, hoping to get their favorite child to inherit.
  The curse causes vines and flowers to consume the heir, turning them into The Cursed.
  The Cursed retains some of their memories, and exists as a monstrous beast composed of plants.
  The Monarch hires Heroes from the surrounding lands and sends them into the garden to slay the monster.
  
Game Mechanics:
  The Heroes are controlled by the player. After making their way to The Cursed, The Heroes must fight and defeat the monster.
  If defeated, The Heroes will gain permanent powerups.
  If The Hero defeats The Cursed, they have two options:
    1. Try to kill The Cursed.
      This leads to The Hero being consumed by The Cursed.
      The Cursed will gain a buff for the next run.
    2. Offer their assistance to The Cursed.
      The Cursed will gain no buffs, but the current Hero will be supporting The Cursed for the next run.
      
  If any Hero fails to defeat The Cursed, The Cursed loses its supporters and its buffs.
  If four Heroes in a row defeat The Cursed, the player assumes control of The Cursed.
  The Cursed then battles The Monarch.
  If The Cursed fails against The Monarch, The Cursed loses its supports and its buffs.
  If the Cursed wins against The Monarch, there are three outcomes:
    1. Good ending
      All four Heroes offered assistance to The Cursed.
      The Cursed is able to keep their power under control.
      With the help from their supporters, they take control of the kingdom.
    2. Neutral ending
      Any mix of Heroes offering assitance and being consumed by The Cursed.
      The Cursed becomes unresponsive, but is not a threat.
      The kingdom is abandoned.
    3. Bad ending
      All four Heroes were consumed by The Cursed.
      The Cursed loses control, and the kingdom is consumed by vines.
      
  The good ending should be the most difficult to achieve.
    1. Offering assistance to The Cursed should make the subsequent Hero vs Cursed fights more difficult.
    2. Offering assistance to The Cursed should make the fight against The Monarch more difficult.
    These could be achieved by making the buffs the Heroes have persist in the boss fights, but are taken away in the fight with The Monarch.
  
Levels:
  1. The Encampment
    This is where The Heroes will embark into The Garden from.
    Actions:
      Choose Hero
      Upgrade Hero
      Upgrade Encampment
  2. The Garden
    Heroes fight through hordes of The Cursed's minions in The Monarch's vast garden.
    Actions:
      Kill enemies to gain XP
      Level up to gain skills
      Find items to gain buffs
  3. The Circle
    The Cursed sits at the center of The Garden in a stone circle.
    This is where The Hero will fight The Cursed.
  4. The Palace
    The Monarch sits on their throne in their castle, lording over The Garden.
    This is where The Cursed will fight The Monarch.
    
Gameplay:
  Movement:
    
  Combat:
    Melee:
      
    Ranged:
      
  Upgrades:
    The Encampment:
      
    The Heroes:
      
    The Cursed:
      
